Add objectPrefix et autocreate environment variables (#1389)
nextcloud/docker: README.md

- `OBJECTSTORE_S3_SSL` (default: `true`): Whether or not SSL/TLS should be used to communicate with object storage server
- `OBJECTSTORE_S3_REGION`: The region that the S3 bucket resides in.
- `OBJECTSTORE_S3_USEPATH_STYLE` (default: `false`): Not required for AWS S3
- `OBJECTSTORE_S3_OBJECT_PREFIX` (default: `urn:oid:`): Prefix to prepend to the fileid

> - `OBJECTSTORE_S3_AUTOCREATE` (default: `urn:oid:`): Create the container if it does not exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `OBJECTSTORE_S3_AUTOCREATE` (default: `true`): Create the container if it does not exist
```
